1) Ans:
option D:
	Base class object will call base class function and derived class object will call derived class function.
  
2)Ans:
  8 12
    Base class contains two variables,size of both will be 8
    Derived class contains one variable,but we know that derived class inherits all the properties of base class
    So that,Derived class contains three variables(x,y,i)..
    Therefore,size is 12
    
3)Ans:
   option A:
     Because a derived-class object has all the properties (data and functions) of a base-class object, 
     so it can be treated just like one for all intents and purposes (including being pointed at)
     
4)Ans:
   option E:
     only destructs objects declared in the try block which eventually catches it.
     
5)Ans:
    Throwing an exception out of a destructor may crash
    
6) Ans:
    Struct:
      Members of struct are public by default
      Structure does not support the inheritance and cannot inherit another class.
      The member variable cannot be initialized directly.
      object is created on Stack memory.
   Class:
      Members of class are private by default
      Class support the inheritance and can inherit another class.
      The member variable can be initialized directly.
      Object is created on Heap memory.
      
7)Ans:
     Human* george = new Pilot();
   Here,this can be made as Pilot* george = new Pilot();
     Since,Pilot is a derived one and Human is base.
     
9)Ans:
      trouble::trouble(const trouble &old) {
      cout << "Copy constructor called\n";
      *this = old;

    *this = old    in line no 18 causes infinite looping printing that copy constructor called

      
10)Ans:
      Attempting to call virtual function inside the destructor of a base may upsets the case.
      Each class is responsible for seizing and releasing its own resources.
      
 11)Ans:
      Both have different directories.
      \r \n \t will work fine in Linux,but not in the others since the directories are not same
 
 12)Ans:
       Error message is inside "defualt",making it as default will print error message
